So now we need to insert the authenticator code.
But before that, if the user hasn't stored the QR code yet, we need to show a QR code here.
So let's do that.
For that, we need to install a package NPM, install QR code and we need to install it as a dev dependency
also.
Let's also install and be installed as a dependency types.
Your code and let's use it.
So when we go to the authenticator form, we will probably have.
This of value OTP of the URL and the if we go the value, then we need to show a QR code.
So let's do it now or create a variable here image which is a reference to an empty string or null.
Also now and I'll return the image here.
And that image will be after the forum here.
So image and the know I will do this I will check if perhaps.
That logging data that the this value which I will copy.
He said.
Then if it is said, then we will do it like this.
QR code lets import your code here.
Import your code from QR code.
Then we will use it here.
Your code to data your URL.
The value is props in data.
OTP both your URL and then will be a function for the function.
The first parameter is an error and the second parameter are the data that will render our cure code.
So now when we get the data, our image that the value will be equal to data.
So I think I made the mistake here.
So what is the problem?
So.
For the image here.
I will use an image with an s r c to the image and probably later the class of width 100.
And we have a problem with that type of this image.
So we should probably add it here.
This is a riff that contains I think it's a string or no.
Like this for sure.
We will not have problems and I will do a vive here if the image is set.
And that's it.
Let's see.
Now, let's log in with this user.
And as you can see, we have a QR code showing here.
Old scan it now with my phone.
So I did scan it now and I'll put now the value from my phone.
So 838994.
Submit.
And it's not working, probably.
Actually, this is successful.
Everything is successful.
I just forgot to redirect.
After we submit successfully.
So let's do that.
We need to wait here when they meet.
And this will be a success case.
So if the form is successful, then we have the props here.
We need to add also here the context, which is a type of set up context.
Don't forget also to import it.
And if it is successful, we will use context here.
Amit, success like this.
But the.
I will not hear the status.
So I'll make the condition.
If the status is 200, then we will admit success.
And that's it?
No, let's use it to our lodging.
And this will omit the event that is successful.
Let's add the function success.
And we will return it here.
And when is successful we will call the success function.
Now this success function.
We will finally use this router.
So we will wait.
So let's make this synchronous.
With active access, not so remote but or outer push to the main beach.
And we also needed to use a little more.
We don't all feel the store is equal to use store because if it is successful we will also await store
dispatch set of two.
True, because we will be authenticated and that should be it.
So let's try it out again.
Now a dot com eight and this time we want see a QR code because when we scanned it at our phone and
when we successfully logged in, we will not show a QR code again.
We have store it in our phone.
Now the QR code is 155530 submit and I successfully redirected and I'm logged in now.
So this is how it works.
This is how we logging using two factor authentication.